update for contribution guidelines: PR review + versioning (#155)
podio-community/podio-php: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

## To contribute and end up in this [list](https://github.com/podio-community/podio-php/graphs/contributors):

1. Fork it

> 2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Submit your PR for review
```

#### EditorConfig

> We use [EditorConfig](http://EditorConfig.org) to maintain consistent coding styles between various editors and IDEs.  You can find our settings in the `.editorconfig` file in the root of the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use [EditorConfig](https://editorconfig.org) to maintain consistent coding styles between various editors and IDEs.  You can find our settings in the `.editorconfig` file in the root of the project.
```

## PR review

PRs can be be merged by any member of the [Podio Community](https://github.com/orgs/podio-community) organization, when the following conditions are met:

> 1. All build checks are ok/green.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. All build checks are passing.
```

> 2. At least 2 members (different to the PR creator) reviewed the PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. At least two members (different than the PR creator) reviewed the PR.
```

3. All questions/problems are addressed.

## Versioning

Versioning generally follows: https://semver.org/. New versions should be cut as often as neccessary. With each release `CHANGES.md` is updated.

## Feature Requests / Issues

> New feature requests can be posted as [issues](https://github.com/podio-community/podio-php/issues) (please search for similar issues first!). Generally anyone can work on any issue. If you actively work on an issue, please leave a comment there, so there'll be less duplicate work. Issues are resolve on a best effort basis. As this project only consists of vuluntary contributors, there won't be any time lines (except if you commit yourself to one ;-) ).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New feature requests can be posted as an [issue](https://github.com/podio-community/podio-php/issues) (please search for similar issues first!). Generally, anyone can work on any issue. If you actively work on an issue, please leave a comment on the issue, to avoid duplicate work. Issues are resolved on a best effort basis. As this project only consists of voluntary contributors, there won't be any timelines (except if you commit yourself to one ;-)).
```
